kazuo hirai the cio da sony took the stage
2013 to make the first
press conference of the fair of this
year
everyone waited for the announcement of the
smartphone xperia z11 but it was not only
that the Japanese company was
reserving for the public
much more was yet to come and a
large number of products was
shown for almost an hour of
event the sony CEO showed several
appliances to reach stores of
worldwide by the end of this year it
includes digital cameras and
camcorders
in addition to televisions and other accessories
very interesting
Let's check right now how the
event of the Japanese company trying to
back to the top of the electronics market
some new notebooks were shown
during the event the first one was the
sony vaio flip pc that has screen
to improve visualization
in various situations
vaio tep 11 was also shown
can be quickly converted to a
11-inch tablet
finally the company presented vaio tep
21 all in one 21.5 inches and
full HD resolution will not show the
smart smart watch cut 2 in
but it has also been
remembered during the event the device
can be transformed into a second
screen for your smartphone and is able to
be shared with just one touch
thanks to nfc connectivity with
1.6 inches and resolution of 220 by 176
pixels it also has wristbands
silicone or steel televisions could not
lacking in the Sony conference
main device shown was the
television s 990 air that has screen of 65
inch LEDs in a panel
curvilinear is the first time a
type device is launched
commercially to consumers
North Americans and Europeans it is in
pre sale for the price of 4 thousand dollars
have also been shown some new
high-performance auto systems that
promise much more fidelity to audio
than the products that are currently
in the market multiple cameras and camcorders
have been revealed by sony to
photographs will reveal that the new
lines will reach the market with better
capture of light for still images
dark environments
but what most caught the eye even
were the camcorders
a music video recorder was created
especially for recording
plays music because it has a
more complex system for capturing
the other highlight goes to the new
network that I can now capture
videos in very high resolutions 4k
the main highlight of the event was the sony
xperia 01 smartphone will hit stores in
brief and will have a number of well-
interesting
it is completely waterproof and
has a 20.7-megapixel camera but the
main differentials are in the
software and accessories are four eps
exclusive for the best use
integrated camera, and this includes a
streaming streaming system
still on the cameras
sony finished the conference at ifa
2013 showing its new lenses
that x10 and that x 100
they can be linked to any
android smartphone with nfc to ensure
much more quality in the images
captured it is possible to connect
cases or supports
Did you like the news?
presented by sony in ifa this year
What is your favorite of all?
were added to the catalog of
products from the Japanese manufacturer
stay tuned because new devices still
should be shown during the next
days
and do not forget to use the button to
subscribe to our channel